[Gateway] Custom cert origin warning (#21804)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/custom-certificate.mdx

You can upload up to five custom root certificates. If your organization requires more than five certificates, contact your account team.

:::caution
Custom certificates are limited to use between your users and the Gateway proxy. Gateway connects to origin servers using publicly trusted certificates, similar to how a browser validates secure websites.

> If your users need to connect to self-signed origin servers, set the [untrusted certificate action](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/#untrusted-certificates) to _Pass through_ in an HTTP policy.

Author: ```suggestion
If your users need to connect to self-signed origin servers, create an HTTP Allow policy with the [untrusted certificate action](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/#untrusted-certificates) set to _Pass through_.
```
